hello so I now have additionally two
weeks until exams it's my first opening
statement two weeks I just need to see
how much of a difference I can make to
what I know I in this two weeks before
exams go up there and smash it and then
enjoy myself and that's it what the up
side of things is that in three weeks
time three weeks time I'll be done
because my exams are in the space of a
week it's good it's good to stand sighs
so basically this two weeks I don't have
lectures anymore I don't have labs
anymore
it's literally me going revision
revision revision I do have lots of
supervisions still with my supervisors
I'm students to try post questions at
the moment and essays for Earth Sciences
this afternoon for example I have got a
three hour at the scientist supervision
it's like a big group supervision with
two supervisors present and I've got a
list of questions ready for that I've
kind of trying to plan out my days as
well I've got on my phone a list of each
day of what I'm doing so I will sign
subjects and the area within that
subject that I want to revise it's just
that last it's the final push
no bedroom oh geez squish gasps oh we
have a connection
excellent stuff you know something's
wrong when the only wife I could manage
to connect to is the guest Wi-Fi yeah
the guest Wi-Fi yeah Jesus close wife I
never actually connects as your own wife
I never accident connect the guest Wi-Fi
Slyke is the only piece of Jesus clutch
guests students to choose as your own
Lord Jesus College Wi-Fi and not the
guest one
and like what if you made that Wi-Fi
work it'd be much easier to me I'm just
going on Moodle as I always am Moodle is
just work all the stuff for our course
of his I'm sure it's the same like when
I was doing my edibles my college had a
Moodle site and they put all my air
little materials up on there
it's just exactly the same here all your
past papers all your lecture notes so we
have practical answers is what I'm
looking for at the moment I just want to
go over sighs just the the recent mass
on his practicals because a lot of it is
techniques I'll be doing in the
practical exam 59 practical 59 how crazy
is that I've got 59 saw his practicals
this year 59 as many hours spent he
interesting why they not put the answers
all this time how do I know who I've got
is right don't I need to check it to be
wrong time I know oh my god I hate not
having the answers it's it's like a
common thing here you just don't have
the solutions I'm doing these past
papers and I'm like I could build
completely the wrong track and I
wouldn't know okay so I've just realized
that calf is not open until 12:30 and my
birth sites is mega Sarah's obsession
so I knees pick knowledge now I'm going
to say it's reason
I said eat in Christ pieces which you
can see around me a few nights benchers
nice sunny day and I'm close by to the
earth department so it'll make sense
also ultra prepared and I've got a flash
cards with me like everyone's so I'm
gonna be all prepped to do my organic
chemistry questions later on it's all
going
so I ended up coming to Parker's piece
in the end because it's a that was about
closer to where I was because I had to
walk up to the mini Sainsbury's to get
my food now I'm gonna tuck into some
carrot and Hema sticks yes I know I
should probably just buy carrot and chop
up myself and get ready-made stuff but
to us we are dest I'm like studying it's
more important than money okay I'll make
the money back in future years
hello and welcome to another revision
update today I have got up I got up
fairly early like I was surprised I
thought I was gonna sleep in because I
was up late last night and I've been
doing chemistry questions this morning
it's actually been really really good
just going through these try post
questions exam questions and just
reminding myself of stuff from my first
term and whatnot and my supervisors
gonna mark them for me which is really
good could have lunch in about an hour's
time I think and then I'm gonna go on to
physics because I've actually got
physics to hand in tomorrow which I have
not yet started I coxster rowing outing
on Saturday afternoon and Here I am
cycling back from the boathouse the
boathouse is like a five-minute cycle
from the college Jesus College is the
closest College to all the boat houses
so it's very convenient
[Music]
Oh hottie or its absence like that and I
realize we're Kooks cuz that was just so
nice so I just I just sing back in the
Sun well they were all doing the work
and I've just been carried along but
steering here and there it was lovely
oh that was just such a nice break from
revision actually I'm good to a bit more
work um what time is its twenty passport
right so I am going to a birthday party
at like 8 o'clock I think maybe like 7 I
need to start getting ready to go so
maybe dinner at 6
if it's 20 plus 4 now that gives me an
hour and 40 well hey let's get going
this is the bar at downing college where
we hung out for a few hours
and coming up is page wise very
professional tour of downing college is
that the line and this is downing why
Bri and there's the bar that we just
came out of it was very pleasant and
here's the exit I'm being released from
the college
luckily otherwise I would not be able to
get out so don't try to break in to
downing you will not get in okay so I'm
just heading back to Jesus now had a
nice time at Daniel Abbar the bob was
very pleasant it's a really like cozy
atmosphere anyway it's still the night
is still young I still try to do work
don't know if I actually will my friends
I can see on the group chat we're gonna
go help see if that actually happens I
mean I don't think I want to fact that
plot just elope it means it's not still
late at night don't worry guys wait till
May week and that's when I'll be
probably going out for now a few drinks
and the bar is probably good enough for
me for my socializing activities outside
of revising so tonight it turns on
during the bar crew but now in J bar
yeah 2001 night guys Janet would be on a
bathroom but here we are
but less than two he's pouring on a
here's Anna she's joining me on the
bathroom which they're neon bar one it's
cool
[Music]
making fun of me I've been looking this
is a meta blogging yeah I actually I
love reading all your comments the
comments and the best bit we actually
all read them alone stop mentioning had
so much in the comments he's a lot less
killing me alive I think it's all going
to Ed's head he thinks he has fans now
so I've just completed my first part
whoever had a total of two bars and I'm
really proud of myself going through
high school okay so I just got back into
my room and it is okay it's only trace
12 which is good I had a lot of time
just enjoy seeing it to lots of
different friends that's such a variety
friends that want to this evening is the
really nice yeah now I'm gonna go to bed
because I've got quite a hot day
provisions and to worry yeah it was good
you work tonight after room after coming
back from downing bar with that failed
damn it oh well I'll be fine
it's all going good it's all going good
I've been making full use of the outdoor
seating at the roost cafe recently and
here is Ella working hard outside the
race in the Sun why is this a good
working space why is it good not really
it's not it is extremely sunny stay as
French busted my hair sits off my face
very kind
Dutch pot it's sorry girls
and I'm just doing my chemistry work
it's doing in an hour and a half's time
so I'm gonna get going
okay so I'm back in my room and I'm
gonna do some more work now I've just
gotten past Floyd on my way back and
handed in my chemistry work which is all
good and you know what I'm thinking
I mean I really wanna I'm itching to
finish this chemistry with reaction
mechanisms so I might do like an hour of
that yeah and then go on to a mousetrap
Oh so paper is the plan we'll see how it
goes
[Music]
hello and welcome to the first ever
competition instead of games night we
are doing a math competition we have
three contestants here already with
their pens and their paper in their
brains I'm going to set them a math
question which I've got basically the
math question is out of 20 you may have
to get at least 12 marks out 20 and when
they have done I'll still enough that
they think they've got 12 knots out of
20 they say stop their time and that is
their time the person with the slowest
time wins but if the happens what the 12
months out 20 by the time they say stop
then then they lose so it's a bit of a
gamble between how much you've got and
timing I'm gonna mark it because we do
actually have marks games for this paper
so it should be interesting
the question was on vectors and is
designed to take about half an hour to
answer in an exam
[Music]
okay so that time is now up
they're all discussing the exam as
people do off to finish something an
exam they're not we're now I'm going to
get the mark scheme up and mark and see
who did best solutions so in we have
actually is very very close all of you
did but know he's watching this question
was out of 20 marks we have how many how
many weeks till the exam guys we've got
less than two weeks until the exam so
enjoy two weeks in a day then so
enjoying second place what Eden will
good work guys and in first place is Tim
with eight Martin don't get too excited
Tim to be first to them I did I did try
and choose the nastiest question on the
paper so if they were choosing questions
I don't think any of them would have
chosen that we do get choice but it was
a fun it was a fun games night it was an
alternative to our usual board games
okay I went to the library later that
evening and Here I am heading back
rather late at night
so I just got back from the library and
now is time for bed it is very late I
took the decision that I wants to do a
maths try plus paper tonight and they
take three hours yes three hours and
when you start at eight that means you
end at midnight
three hours eight till midnight you're
sure about that one page so it's about
12:15 now I'm gonna get to bed quickly
the good news is that my sleep pattern
can be slightly off at the moment
because I've obviously not got lectures
two more I've got two yeah two
supervisions tomorrow and I'm planning
on popping into the earth lab for some
last revision there because they're
closing the lab on Monday for other
exams starting it means I'm not gonna be
able to have another chance to look at
the hand specimens and live the thin
sections before I'm actually asked to
identify them in the exam so the last
minute our vision is essential tomorrow
I've got it all planned out guys so
going well I ended up spending most of
Monday in the earth lab I went in the
morning and afternoon
here I'm recapping all the different
types of fossil specimen I could be
given and we get different specimens
like this in the actual exam I then was
looking at some thin sections under the
petrographic microscope in the exam you
are given an unseen thin section and
have to identify the rock and the
minerals it contains and then I attempt
to show you some undulatory extinction
in a quartzite
so I've decided to always my bike
oh that's up there so it will stir I
placed a call today it is 20 plus 5 the
lap is 10 it could close but no one came
to kick me out so I was very hardly
going through the sort of thin sections
I wants to go over now I'm just going to
cycle back because it's dinner time
just remember to run out hand soap so
unions boots I do like them moisturizing
because we will know my hands get
extremely dry sometimes I'm just
figuring out how many I'm gonna need
till the end of time I feel I could get
by with one but I'm gonna get two to be
on the safe side cuz I do not want to be
probably to the shops in the middle of
exams like I just don't have time for
that okay so it's ten minutes till cap
barbecue starts in the exam term right
everyone's going to cap before time
knowing we were there to cook it's gonna
be so popular you think so big and I'm
so hungry a struggle so I need to cycle
back quickly exactly first like you back
tell you what I am mentally exhausted I
don't know what it is but today it's
just been exhausting like I feel like
I've been concentrating for so long and
I just need to like any torch on TV for
a while just to relax the brain it's
needed ok so I've got my own yeah I
never get me on my page but I've got
mail and is from my friends cuz I know
they're writing and it's got a little
crest on the back because I always draw
a vinegar crest on the back of people's
mail because I don't know if it's come
across in a book or not but I like
vinegar a lot like it's my favourite
food and I draw it in a little crest on
the back of many birthday cards or just
mail I send people
so that's them doing their own version
its LM because it's Lea and Maisie they
are making fun of my ice like here I'm
not sure whether I should take offence
but it's fine
[Applause]
we go to page y congrats on 20,000 133
as of this moment good luck in your exam
your dis master Thank You don't miss us
too much and TQ revision incentives we
have more vinegar and mellow formulas a
squared plus B squared equals C squared
equals time triangle equals 180 degrees
Christopher Columbus thought he
discovered Japan but no plot twist final
fact the mitochondria is the powerhouse
of the cell and I am going to bed
I know you ain't about a reasonable hour
Wow proud of me I hope you're proud of
me too yeah so I want to get up nice and
bright in early tomorrow to get going
because tomorrow is gonna mark the day
well it's a week to the exams start so
I'm gonna end this book here thank you
for watching see me stress work a lot
and also just have some fun because I
feel I've still been having fun even
though exams are only a few weeks away
go stay chill it's only first year I
only need to pass it along as I pass
it's cool like the grade it's not going
to be that important in the grand scheme
of things so and with that I will say
goodbye thank you for watching if you
enjoyed please do give it a like and
subscribe down below and I will see you
soon with another video bye
[Music]